where in fact like beasts how to make a
bike ramp
then how can we see you wait for
palombo the beginning is the beginning and one remains
bike ramp that died clean
handcrafted DIY
we only took a piece of table is
some pieces taken from ours
pantry with morgan cross we do not see
when the piece
here now you can't tell me when
so I propose a hand
as a suggestion you can see an e
much else
I go from thumb to thumb
all is well that all artifacts are
the same as a masi thought
oh well we say that they are and therefore you can
understand that 10 15 cm or seven centimeters or
13 cm here is more or less then me
I will work with this monda bike wheel
wheels for companions
yes no because the city ones are
small before the scandal that of
cities are small without grooves
second is this is a question bike
never anyway it was my partner I will do
see how to put it into action in action
yes because mountain bikes are enough
more about this is mine
mate will do there is i mean i will make myself
see with me here is this stuff
if you do it
I see a nice big boy a bit of freights in
on
therefore you have not seen one behind
background how you can make your ramba
and must be complete to say very doubtful
leads to being to have a friend who is
presenting euros is the one that mounts it
even remaining so for this video is
see you there maybe next
time if I do three tests
greetings